keypoints_detection/README.md, before:

# How to add an algoritm for Keypoints Detection

The text illustrates how to add custom keypoints detection class to run on ISEE.

* Upload the project folder with the name "methedname_version".
* The project folder should include the dependencies to complete the uploaded method.
* To achieve Keypoints Detection, one should complete the content provided in "KeypointsDetection.py":
  + The class of ISEEKeypointsDetection is inherented from the abstract class "ISEEVisAlgIntf"
    - Don't change the class name and functions name.
    - Don't change the order of the parameters in the fucntions.
  + The return of the function "getResults" will influence the data management in ISEE, so the results should follow the format:


    ```
    [
      # image one:
      [
        # person one
        [
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)] # a keypoint
           ...,
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)]
        ],
        ...,
        # person P
        [
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)] # a keypoint
           ...,
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)]
        ]
      ],
      ...,
      # image N
      [
        [
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)] # a keypoint
           ...,
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)]
        ],
        ...,
        [
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)] # a keypoint
           ...,
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)]
        ]
      ]
    ]
    ```

* An example of person keypoints detection achieved by detectron is provided.

Commit message:

Project is updated.
1. Modify the orgniztion of keypoints_detection.
2. Add folders about comming soon algorithms.
3. Update the README.md.

da.li
2020/02/28

keypoints_detection/README.md, after:

# How to add an algoritm for Keypoints Detection

The text illustrates how to add custom keypoints detection class to run on ISEE.
It includes person pose estimation and face keypoints detection. Both the two
algorithms dependents on similar input and output formats. They also follow the
same rules to complete the class. Following text shows the details:

* Upload the project folder with the name "methedname_version" into corresponding subfolder pose/face.
* The project folder should include the dependencies to complete the uploaded method.
* To achieve Keypoints Detection, one should complete the content provided in "KeypointsDetection.py"
  + The class of ISEEXXXXKeypointsDetection is inherented from the abstract class "ISEEVisAlgIntf" (XXXX represents Pose or Face):
    - Don't change the class name and functions name.
    - Don't change the order of the parameters in the fucntions.
  + The return of the function "getResults" will influence the data management in ISEE, so the results should follow the format:


    ```
    [
      # image one:
      [
        # person/face one
        [
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)] # a keypoint
           ...,
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)]
        ],
        ...,
        # person/face P
        [
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)] # a keypoint
           ...,
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)]
        ]
      ],
      ...,
      # image N
      [
        [
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)] # a keypoint
           ...,
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)]
        ],
        ...,
        [
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)] # a keypoint
           ...,
          [x, y, probability ( or visibility)]
        ]
      ]
    ]
    ```

* An example of person keypoints detection achieved by detectron is provided.
